The main beneficiary of the work that I do, I'd probably say, are the
youth of today. I sound like an old geezer but yeah, if you're 12, if
you're 15, hopefully some of the things that I'm thinking about, they're
probably not going be done, you know next year or you know, three
years from now. I'm trying to do things that are to take like five
years, you know things that are like, for instance things with virtual
reality where I want you to live inside that world, things, you
know, for movies and they don't come so easily, you know, it takes
years and years of work. So, by the time it reaches its fruition,
maybe the kids, you know, that are in middle school right now will probably
be in university and the, really witnessing the Marvel that
I created. I think those are the main beneficiaries.